yo what is up guys Coast gaming here and
today I am going to be showing you how
to get sponsored by el gato or control
freak or any major company that you
really want to get sponsored by let's go
ahead and get started now in this video
and in this instance oh shit fuck um
look ok cool in this instance we are
going to be showing you how to get
sponsored by el gato know the way to do
this is you can either become really
popular on YouTube or either way you're
gonna have to be popular on YouTube but
popular as in 15 20 k subs but a real
cool trick is lure them into your
account so um I don't know spa I forgot
what it was sore part okay there you got
to email this person partnership at el
gato and just just be really nice to
them spawn sore type in sponsor shit uh
to get a sponsorship you got to be nice
to them so oh we're going to go ahead
and be nice to them by I don't know uh
yo give me a sponsor shit wrong spell
the run I really really want one so bad
I suck at YouTube but I need
it's just like most stupid thing ever so
so so bad thanks bye Nikki okay so
that's that's a really nice one um touch
up on our grammar I think that's okay we
get in we could delete that one and send
and when you send that you can uh
although they will read it and since
it's a nice one there more likely going
to actually uh oops they're more likely
going to actually take it into
consideration but yeah if I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did and
you want to see more how-to videos
please leave a like down below and I
will catch you guys in the next one oh
its uses
you